update extension document and minor changes. (#4496)
microsoft/ebpf-for-windows: docs/eBpfExtensions.md

[`NPI_REGISTRATION_INSTANCE`](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/drivers/ddi/netioddk/ns-netioddk-_npi_registration_instance)
initialized as follows:
* `NpiId`: This should be set to `EBPF_HOOK_EXTENSION_IID` defined in `ebpf_extension_uuids.h`.

> * `ModuleId`: This should be set to the attach type GUID. (See [ebpf_attach_provider_data struct section](eBpfExtensions.md#ebpf_attach_provider_data_t-struct))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `ModuleId`: This should be set to the attach type GUID. (See [ebpf_attach_provider_data_t Struct](eBpfExtensions.md#ebpf_attach_provider_data_t-struct))
```
Match the section title

* `NpiSpecificCharacteristics`: Pointer to structure of type `ebpf_attach_provider_data_t`.

#### `ebpf_attach_provider_data_t` Struct
This structure is used to specify the attach type supported by the extension for the given Hook NPI provider. It
contains the following fields:
* `supported_program_type`
* `bpf_attach_type`
* `link_type`

The `supported_program_type` field of the struct should be filled with the `ebpf_program_type_t` (GUID) of the
supported program type. This must be the same as the value of `ModuleId` field in `NPI_REGISTRATION_INSTANCE`.

> While attaching an eBPF program to a hook instance, the Execution Context enforces that the

Reviewer: I'm noticing that "Execution Context" is capitalized in half the files in the docs directory and not capitalized in the other half.  We should clean that up at some point.  Probably a good job for copilot or a good first issue.

requested attach type is supported by the Hook NPI provider. If not, the eBPF program fails to attach to the hook.

The `bpf_attach_type` field should contain the equivalent bpf attach type integer. If there is no equivalent bpf attach type, either add a value to the
`bpf_attach_type_t` enum (defined in `ebpf_structs.h`) and assign it here or this field should be set to `0 (BPF_ATTACH_TYPE_UNSPEC)`.

The `link_type` field should be set to a suitable value in `bpf_link_type` enum (defined in `ebpf_structs.h`). Depending on the hook,

> some optional attach parameters may be provided when an eBPF program attaches to the hook. For example. XDP hook expends network interface index

Reviewer: ```suggestion
some optional attach parameters may be provided when an eBPF program attaches to the hook. For example, the XDP hook expects a network interface index
```
